Add GRS feature (#4075)
IBM-Cloud/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/r/pi_volume_onboarding.html.markdown

  - Constraints: The minimum length is `1` items.

  Nested scheme for **pi_onboarding_volumes**:
  - `pi_source_crn` - (Required, String) The crn of source ServiceBroker instance from where auxiliary volumes need to be onboarded.
  - `pi_auxiliary_volumes` - (Required, List of objects) List auxiliary volumes .
    - Constraints: The minimum length is `1` items.

    Nested scheme for **pi_auxiliary_volumes**:
    - `pi_auxiliary_volume_name` - (Required, String) The auxiliary volume name.
    - `pi_display_name` - (Optional, String) The display name of auxiliary volume which is to be onboarded.

## Attribute reference
In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute reference after your resource is created.

- `creation_timestamp` - (String) The create-time of volume onboarding operation.
- `id` - (String) The unique identifier of the volume attach. The ID is composed of `<pi_cloud_instance_id>/<onboarding_id>`.
- `onboarding_id` (String) The onboarding ID.
- `input_volumes` - (List of strings) List of volumes requested to be onboarded.
- `status` - (String) The status of volume onboarding operation.

> - `progress` - (String) The progress of volume onboarding operation.

Author: data type changed to float

- `results_onboarded_volumes` - (List of strings) List of volumes which are onboarded successfully.

> - `results_volume_onboarding_failures` - List of objects - The volume onboarding failure details.

Reviewer: did we want parenthesis around List of objects

Author: added parenthesis

- `pi_cloud_instance_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The GUID of the service instance associated with an account.
- `pi_description` - (Optional, String) The description of the volume onboarding operation.
- `pi_onboarding_volumes` - (Required, Forces new resource, List of objects) List of onboarding volumes.
  - Constraints: The minimum length is `1` items.

  Nested scheme for **pi_onboarding_volumes**:
  - `pi_source_crn` - (Required, String) The crn of source ServiceBroker instance from where auxiliary volumes need to be onboarded.
  - `pi_auxiliary_volumes` - (Required, List of objects) List auxiliary volumes .
    - Constraints: The minimum length is `1` items.

    Nested scheme for **pi_auxiliary_volumes**:
    - `pi_auxiliary_volume_name` - (Required, String) The auxiliary volume name.
    - `pi_display_name` - (Optional, String) The display name of auxiliary volume which is to be onboarded.

## Attribute reference
In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute reference after your resource is created.

- `creation_timestamp` - (String) The create-time of volume onboarding operation.

> - `id` - (String) The unique identifier of the volume attach. The ID is composed of `<power_instance_id>/<onboarding_id>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `id` - (String) The unique identifier of the volume attach. The ID is composed of `<pi_cloud_instance_id>/<onboarding_id>`.
```

Author: done

- `onboarding_id` (String) The onboarding ID.
- `input_volumes` - (List of strings) List of volumes requested to be onboarded.
- `status` - (String) The status of volume onboarding operation.
- `progress` - (String) The progress of volume onboarding operation.
- `results` - List of objects - The result of volume onboarding.

  Nested scheme for `results`:
    - `onboarded_volumes` - (List of strings) List of volumes which are onboarded successfully.
    - `volume_onboarding_failures` - List of objects - The volume onboarding failure details.

      Nested scheme for `results`:
      - `failure_message` - (String) The failure reason for the volumes which have failed to be onboarded.
      - `volumes` - (List of strings) List of volumes which have failed to be onboarded.

## Import

> The `ibm_pi_volume_onboarding` resource can be imported by using `power_instance_id` and `onboarding_id`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ibm_pi_volume_onboarding` resource can be imported by using `pi_cloud_instance_id` and `onboarding_id`.
```

Author: done
